You climbed up
By relying on your body to hook Qín Fēng
I’ll see
What skills you have
To make
Qín Fēng, who keeps everyone at a distance
So enchanted he’s lost his bearings
It seems this cooperation
I’ll have to discuss
With the chairman of Dì Háo Group
Instead of Vice President Wáng
What, me getting with you
Is your blessing
President Wáng
Want to discuss cooperation? Come to me
I’m here
I can satisfy everything you want
As long as you serve me well
Cooperation?
Easy peasy
Then you better keep your word
Keep my word, keep my word
I’m here
I like people like you
Understanding, considerate, like a beautiful little girl
Unlike some people
Always refusing the offered wine
I didn’t expect
Dì Háo Group
To conduct business like this
If you can’t sign the contract
It’s because you lack ability
Why be jealous of others’ talents?
President Wáng, she
Is just someone who seduces others